>> Brian Holt: So what we're gonna be
doing now is doing some testing with
React.
React is actually not too bad to test,
providing you're not using a bunch of
crazy libraries, cuz crazy
libraries get pretty tough to test.
Right now we're not doing anything
too nuts, so it's not to bad.
We are going to be doing
Jest testing today.
I personally really enjoy Jest,
it's my testing framework of choice,
but there's perfectly valid reasons
to choose Mocha, or AVA, or
any of those other ones, so
feel free to switch to your favorite.
>> Brian Holt: Jest, in particular,
is well-suited to test React,
because it has something
called snapshot testing,
which we're gonna take a bunch
of advantage of today.
So something I didn't wanna tell you
is that, if you wanna learn about
specifically Mocha testing with React,
you can watch version one of this course.
You don't have to watch the whole course,
you can watch just the section on testing.
And that's available to you as well.
Okay, so what I want you to do now,
is in your JS directory,
inside of it, I want you to create
a new directory called __tests__.
This is just a convention for creating
tests, specifically to, I think AirBnB
actually enforces it this way, that you
have to kind of structure it this way.
>> Brian Holt: So, whatever,
I just roll with it.
[LAUGH] I've seen lots of people do it
this way, so we'll do it too, okay.
And now, inside of this test directory
I want you to create a new file and
call it Search.spec.jsx,
you can call it search.spec or
search.test, I don't care
which one you call it.
Both of those will automatically
get picked up by Jest.
I always, I just do spec, and
I think the reason why I do that is
that I've always done it that way.
But if .test sounds better to you,
then by all means go for it.
So Search.spec.jsx, and
what we're gonna do inside
of here is we're going to
import React from React.
I guess it kind of bears mentioning
that,
>> Brian Holt: There's
lots of testing strategies.
I'm just gonna show you probably the most
simple testing strategy like how to
structure your test,
what to call your test.
What I like to do is,
if I have a search component,
I like to have another file
called search.spec.jsx, right?
So that there's one to one mapping, right?
So again, optimizing for
deletability if I delete search.jsx,
I know I can just delete this
test along with it, right?
It's an easy way of being able
to tell what's tied to what.
Okay, import renderer from
'react-test-renderer' and
import Search from ' '../Search', okay?
So react test surrender is gonna
allow us to do some testing.
Like, we're gonna be able to render out
the search component and test it right,
without actually having a dom underneath
it, which is gonna be pretty cool.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so one thing to
know about Jest is underneath the hood,
it's actually just Jasmine.
Right, so if you've ever done Jasmine
testing before, it's the same syntax.
I've been told by the Facebook team that
they reserve the right to change that,
so just be aware of that.
So some of you have seen, and actually in
the last couple courses I did it this way,
you can do describe blot, and then inside
of it you do, it should do this test.
I decided to simplify this and
just do test.
So again, there's several ways
you can describe functions and
have it assertions inside of it.
I'm just gonna have
a bunch of test functions.
So this is all preference,
this is all correct, right?
I'm just going with the simplest
one to teach, really.
That's what I'm optimizing for, okay?
And test is just a global
function that Jest
is going to inject into this function.
So it's gonna be globally available.
So you don't have to
import it from anywhere.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
Search renders correctly.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
that's gonna be a callback function here.
And what we're gonna do is we're
gonna say const component =
renderer.create(<Search />).
>> Brian Holt: Let tree,
or actually const tree,
const tree = component.toJSON().
And then expect(tree) toMatchSnapshot().
>> Brian Holt: So let's say that if you're
gonna have your linter yelling at you
right now, because it's like,
I don't know what test is,
and I don't know what expect is, and
I'm pretty sure you're just making it up.
That's what ESLint is
telling you right now.
So let's go prove to ESLint
that we're not making it up.
Go to your ESLint.json, and
inside of here we're gonna
add one more end, and it's gonna be jest.
>> Brian Holt: This is telling ESLint hey,
ignore all the global
things it jest injects.
The kind of trade-off here is that
is if you put inspect inside of your
normal code, where it won't be available,
it's gonna not flag that.
So it's a trade-off, but it's not
really bitten me in the butt yet, so
I I feel pretty good about doing it still.
But just so you know that's the tradeoff
that right now I'm making for you.
Okay, go back to your spec.jsx.
And sometimes my linter is a little bit
slow to catch up that there goes, okay.